Update the Flutter SDK Archive (#11621)
flutter/website: src/content/release/archive.md

*   **{{site.sdk.channel | capitalize }} channel**: This channel contains the
    most stable Flutter builds. Roughly every third beta version is promoted
    to the stable version. The stable channel is the recommended channel for
    new users and for production app releases.

*   **Beta channel**: This channel is the most recent version of Flutter that is
    available, but it is not yet stable. The beta branch is usually released
    on the first Wednesday of the month. A fix will typically end up in the
    beta channel about two weeks after it lands in the main channel. 
    Releases are distributed as [installation bundles][].

*   **Main channel**: This channel has the newest features, but it hasn't been fully
    tested and might have some bugs. We don't recommend using it unless you're
    contributing to Flutter itself.

The following information is available for each Flutter release in the
SDK archive:

*   **Flutter version**: The version number of the Flutter SDK
    (e.g., 3.0.0, 2.10.5). This follows semantic versioning, indicating the
    significance of changes between releases.
*   **Architecture**: The processor architecture the SDK is built for

>     (e.g., x64, arm64). This specifies the type of processor the SDK is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (for example, x64, arm64). This specifies the type of processor the SDK is
```
We _don't_ use latin acronyms. (It's in the Google Docs guide.)

Author: Good riddance. Fixed the two in the doc.

    available, but it is not yet stable. The beta branch is usually released
    on the first Wednesday of the month. A fix will typically end up in the
    beta channel about two weeks after it lands in the main channel. 
    Releases are distributed as [installation bundles][].

*   **Main channel**: This channel has the newest features, but it hasn't been fully
    tested and might have some bugs. We don't recommend using it unless you're
    contributing to Flutter itself.

The following information is available for each Flutter release in the
SDK archive:

*   **Flutter version**: The version number of the Flutter SDK
    (e.g., 3.0.0, 2.10.5). This follows semantic versioning, indicating the
    significance of changes between releases.
*   **Architecture**: The processor architecture the SDK is built for
    (e.g., x64, arm64). This specifies the type of processor the SDK is
    compatible with.
*   **Ref**: The git commit hash that uniquely identifies the specific codebase
    used for that release.
*   **Release Date**: The date when that particular Flutter version was
    officially released.

> *   **Dart version**: The corresponding version of the Dart programming language

Reviewer 2: nit: I think this is the version of the entire Dart SDK, not just the language version.

```suggestion
*   **Dart version**: The corresponding version of the Dart SDK
```

    included in that Flutter SDK release.
*   **Provenance**: Provides details about the build process and origin of the
    SDK, potentially including information about security attestations or
    build systems used. To view this information in a readable format, run the
    following command. Replace `[provenance URL]` with the provenance URL and

>     make sure you have [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) installed.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure we need to maintain instructions on how to parse JSON, this looks like it could easily get out of date since we don't maintain `jq`.

Author: Removed those sentences and just let people know that the results use the JSON format.
